Target 3 "Mermail" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon those targets in face-up Defense Position. Their effects are negated and they cannot declare an attack. Destroy them during the End Phase.
Special Summon 1 "Mermail" monster from your Deck. Its effects are negated. You cannot activate any Spell Cards. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. Destroy this card during your opponent's next End Phase after activation.
[ Pendulum Effect ] You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Abyss Actor" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Abyss Actor" monster you control; this turn, it can make up to 3 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase, also other monsters you control cannot attack for the rest of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). ---------------------------------------- [ Monster Effect ] Cannot be destroyed by battle during your turn. This card can make up to 3 attacks on monsters during each
[ Pendulum Effect ] When a monster(s) you control is destroyed by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone. You can only use this effect of "Acrobatic Magician" once per turn. ---------------------------------------- [ Monster Effect ] If the activation of a Spell/Trap Card is negated (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. When this card is destroyed by battle: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but negate its effects, also for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Synchro Monsters.
If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 8 or lower Machine monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, and if you do, its Level becomes 9, also negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "Arcjet Lightcraft" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Machine Xyz Monsters.
2 Effect Monsters Cannot be used as Link Material. You can target 1 face-up monster this card points to; Special Summon 1 monster with the same original Level from your hand to your zone this card points to, in Defense Position, but negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "Armillyre, the Starleader Dragon" once per turn.
You can Tribute this card: Special Summon 1 Cyberse monster from your Deck, except "Armored Bitron", but negate its effects, also you cannot Special Summon for the rest of this turn, except Cyberse monsters. If a Link-3 or higher Link Monster you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect, while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Armored Bitron" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters If this card is Synchro Summoned: It gains 800 ATK for each card currently in your hand. When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card and sent to your GY, if all of the monsters that were used for the Synchro Summon of this card are in your GY: You can Special Summon all of them, but their effects are negated. You can only use this effect of "Ascension Sky Dragon" once per turn.
Special Summon 1 "Mikanko" monster from your hand or GY, and if you do, equip it with this card, then you can Special Summon 1 monster from your opponent's GY to their field, but negate its effects. The equipped monster cannot be destroyed by card effects. You can only activate 1 "Blazing Dance of the Mikanko" per turn.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Blackwing" monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, but its effects are negated.
When you take 2000 or more Battle Damage from your opponent's monster's direct attack while this card is in the Graveyard, you can select 1 Level 3 or lower "Blackwing" monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon that monster and this card from the Graveyard. Their effects are negated. Each player can only use the effect of "Blackwing - Hillen the Tengu-wind" once per Duel.
Remove from play 1 "Assault Mode Activate" from your Graveyard. Destroy all monsters you control and Special Summon 1 "/Assault Mode" monster from your Graveyard, ignoring its Summoning conditions. Its effect(s) is negated, and it cannot be Tributed. If it is removed from the field, remove it from play.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but its effects are negated, also banish it during the End Phase. Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die, and the face-up monsters you currently control become the Level equal to the result, until the end of this turn.
To activate this card, you must draw it for your normal draw in your Draw Phase, reveal it, and keep it revealed until the Main Phase 1. During your Main Phase 1 that same turn: You can activate 1 of these effects. ● Send 1 "Rank-Up-Magic - The Seventh One" or 1 "Seven Emperors" Normal Spell from your Deck to the GY; this effect becomes that Spell's effect when that card is activated. ● Special Summon up to 2 monsters from your Deck, but negate their effects, then, immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1
Once per turn, you can activate 1 of these Skills based on the face-up monster(s) you control: ● "Elemental HERO": Discard 1 Trap, then add 1 Level 6 or lower Machine "roid" monster from your GY to your hand, then you can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls whose ATK is less than or equal to the added card's. ● Machine "roid": Discard 1 Spell, then Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower Machine "roid" or "Elemental HERO" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, but negate its effects. ● Both: Discard 1 card, then
When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 3 Level 3 WATER monsters from your Deck. Their effects are negated.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Blackwing" monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, but its effects are negated.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 2 or lower monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Defense Position, but it has its effects negated.
2 Cyberse monsters If this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Cynet Fusion" from your Deck to your hand. If a monster(s) is Special Summoned to a zone(s) this card points to (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but negate its effects, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Fusion Monsters. You can only use each effect of "Clock Spartoi" once per turn.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned if your opponent controls a monster(s) and you control a face-up Tuner monster(s). When this card is Special Summoned this way, you can select 1 of your removed from play Level 3 or lower non-Tuner monsters and Special Summon it. Its effect(s) are negated. You cannot Normal Summon or Set the turn you Special Summon this card.
When your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY, then target 1 Level 8 Fiend monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated. If a Level 8 Fiend monster(s) is sent to your GY while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Dark Spirit of Malice" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned, select and Special Summon 1 Level 3 Tuner monster from your Graveyard. The effect(s) of that monster is negated.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 monster with 500 or less ATK in your GY; Special Summon that target in Attack Position, but negate its effects. Cannot be used as Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a Dragon monster. The other Synchro Material(s) cannot be Level 4.
If this card is added from the Deck or GY to your hand by an effect of a WATER monster: You can reveal this card; look at your opponent's hand. If this card is Special Summoned: You can send the top card of your Deck to the GY, then target 1 Level 4 or lower WATER monster in your GY, except "Deep Sea Artisan"; Special Summon it, but negate its effects. You can only use each effect of "Deep Sea Artisan" once per turn.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Aleister the Invoker" from your Deck to your hand. The activation of your cards and effects that include an effect that Fusion Summons a Fusion Monster cannot be negated, also your opponent's cards and effects cannot activate when a monster is Fusion Summoned this way. You can only activate 1 "Magical Meltdown" per turn.
Equip only to "Jinzo". While this card is equipped, the equipped monster's effect does not negate the effects of its controller's Trap Cards. When this card is removed from the field, destroy the equipped monster. This card's activation and effect cannot be negated.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by there being at least 8 or more Link Monsters with different names on the field and/or in the GYs. You cannot Special Summon other monsters the turn you Special Summon this card. This card's Special Summon cannot be negated. If this card is Special Summoned: Shuffle all other monsters that are banished, on the field, and in the GYs into the Decks. Neither player can activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation.
The activation of LIGHT monsters' effects cannot be negated.
Cannot be Special Summoned. Requires 3 Tributes to Normal Summon (cannot be Normal Set). This card's Normal Summon cannot be negated. When Normal Summoned, other cards and effects cannot be activated. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can pay LP so that you only have 100 left; this card gains ATK/DEF equal to the amount of LP paid. You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.
[ Pendulum Effect ] Pendulum Summons of your "Solfachord" Pendulum Monsters cannot be negated. [ Monster Effect ] While you have an even Pendulum Scale in your Pendulum Zone, "Solfachord" Pendulum Monsters you control gain ATK equal to 100 x their own Pendulum Scale. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Solfachord" Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand, except "DoSolfachord Cutia". You can only use this effect of "DoSolfachord Cutia" once per turn.
Target 1 Dragon monster you control; its current ATK becomes doubled (until the end of this turn), then, if your opponent controls a Dragon monster, the activation of the targeted monster's effects cannot be negated this turn. During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 of your Dragon Xyz Monsters that is banished or in your GY, in Defense Position. You can only use 1 "Dragon King's Myth" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Target 1 Dragon monster you control; its current ATK becomes doubled (until the end of this turn), then, if your opponent controls a Dragon monster, the activation of the targeted monster's effects cannot be negated this turn. During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 of your Dragon Xyz Monsters that is banished or in your GY, in Defense Position. You can only use 1 "Dragon King's Myth" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Once per turn, if this card is in your GY: You can make this card become a Dragon monster while in the GY, until the end of this turn. You can discard this card, then activate 1 of these effects; ● Add 1 non-WIND "roid" monster from your Deck to your hand. ● This turn, the activation of your cards and effects that include an effect that Fusion Summons a Fusion Monster cannot be negated, also your opponent cannot activate cards or effects when a monster is Fusion Summoned this way. You can only use this effect of "Dragonroid"
When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Drytron" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand, except "Drytron Fafnir". The activation and the activated effects of Ritual Spell Cards cannot be negated. Once per turn, if a monster is Normal or Special Summoned face-up while you control a "Drytron" monster (except during the Damage Step): You can reduce that monster's Level by 1 per 1000 of its current ATK (min. Level 1) for the rest of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Drytron Fafnir" per turn.