true 5 "Cyberdark" Effect Monsters Must first be Fusion Summoned. If this card is Special Summoned: You can equip 1 Dragon or Machine monster from your GY to this card. Gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the monster equipped to it by this effect. When your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can send 1 Equip Card you control to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
true 2+ monsters If you control this card that was Link Summoned using "Cyberse Wizard" as material (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; change its battle position, and if you do, negate its effects until the end of the turn. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Cyberse Wizard" from your hand, Deck, or GY. You can only use each effect of "Cyberse Enchanter" once per turn.
false When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 2 or lower monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but its effects are negated. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Gadget Token" (Cyberse/LIGHT/Level 2/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Cyberse Gadget" once per turn.
false 2 Level 3 monsters You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 "Cynet" Spell/Trap in your GY; add it to your hand. If this Xyz Summoned card is destroyed by battle, or is destroyed by an opponent's card effect while in its owner's Monster Zone: You can Special Summon 2 Level 4 Cyberse monsters with different names from your Deck, but their effects are negated. You can only use each effect of "Cyberse Reminder" once per turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate either of
true When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated while you control a "Code Talker" monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, banish that card, and if you do, your opponent cannot activate cards, or effects of cards, with the same original name as that card that was banished, until the end of the next turn. You can only activate 1 "Cynet Conflict" per turn.
false All linked monsters on the field gain 500 ATK/DEF. Link Summons of Link Monsters cannot be negated. Once per Chain, if you take 2000 or more battle or effect damage: You can shuffle the face-down cards in your Extra Deck, excavate the top card, and if it is a Cyberse Link Monster, Special Summon it. Otherwise, return it to the Extra Deck.
false This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned if your opponent controls a monster(s) and you control a face-up Tuner monster(s). When this card is Special Summoned this way, you can select 1 of your removed from play Level 3 or lower non-Tuner monsters and Special Summon it. Its effect(s) are negated. You cannot Normal Summon or Set the turn you Special Summon this card.
true [ Pendulum Effect ] You can target 1 Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Monster your opponent controls; negate its effects until the end of this turn, then destroy this card. You can only use this effect of "D/D Dog" once per turn.
true [ Monster Effect ] Once per turn, if your opponent Special Summons a Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 of those monsters; this turn, that face-up monster cannot attack, also its effects are negated.
true [ Pendulum Effect ] Once, while this card is in your Pendulum Zone, when your opponent Pendulum Summons a monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can activate this effect; this turn, that Pendulum Summoned monster cannot attack, also its effects are negated.
true [ Monster Effect ] Cannot attack unless you control another "D/D" monster. During your opponent's Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up Pendulum Summoned monster your opponent controls; negate that face-up monster's effects until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "D/D Evil" once per turn.
false [ Monster Effect ] When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 face-up DARK Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck, but it has its effects negated, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "D/D".
