1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters Once per turn: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. Once while face-up on the field, when a card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only use the previous effect of "Baronne de Fleur" once per turn. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase: You can target 1 Level 9 or lower monster in your GY; return this card to the Extra Deck, and if you do, Special Summon that monster.
When a card or effect is activated that includes any of these effects (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; negate that effect. ● Add a card from the Deck to the hand. ● Special Summon from the Deck. ● Send a card from the Deck to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring" once per turn.
Target 1 monster in your opponent's GY; banish it, and if you do, until the end of the next turn, its effects are negated, as well as the activated effects and effects on the field of monsters with the same original name.
Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; negate its effects (until the end of this turn), then, if this card was Set before activation and is on the field at resolution, for the rest of this turn all other Spell/Trap effects in this column are negated. If you control no cards, you can activate this card from your hand.
Declare 1 card name; banish 1 of that declared card from your Main Deck, and if you do, negate its effects, as well as the activated effects and effects on the field of cards with the same original name, until the end of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Crossout Designator" per turn.
Send any number of other cards from your hand and/or field to the GY; choose that many Effect Monsters your opponent controls, and until the end of this turn, their ATK is halved, also their effects are negated. In response to this card's activation, your opponent cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with the same original type (Monster/Spell/Trap) as the cards sent to the GY to activate this card. You can only activate 1 "Forbidden Droplet" per turn.
During your opponent's Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand to the GY, then target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; negate the effects of that face-up monster your opponent controls, until the end of this turn.
You can only control 1 "Apollousa, Bow of the Goddess". The original ATK of this card becomes 800 x the number of Link Materials used for its Link Summon. Once per Chain, when your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can make this card lose exactly 800 ATK, and if you do, negate the activation.
If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can equip 1 Link Monster from your GY to this card, and if you do, place Borrel Counters on this card equal to that Link Monster's Link Rating. This card gains ATK equal to half the ATK of the monster equipped to it by its effect. When your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can remove 1 Borrel Counter from this card; negate the activation. You can only use this effect of "Borreload Savage Dragon" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect. When your opponent activates a monster effect while you control no monsters (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon both this card from your hand and 1 "PSY-Frame Driver" from your hand, Deck, or GY, and if you do, negate that activation, and if you do that, destroy that monster. During the End Phase, banish the face-up monsters Special Summoned by this effect.
During the Main Phase, if you control no monsters, or control an "Adventurer Token" (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. When a card or effect is activated while you control an "Adventurer Token" (Quick Effect): You can shuffle this card into the Deck, and if you do, negate that activation, and if you do that, destroy that card. You can only use each effect of "Wandering Gryphon Rider" once per turn.
You can also use 1 monster your opponent controls as material to Link Summon this card. If this card is Link Summoned: You can negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls. This Link Summoned card is unaffected by your opponent's activated effects, unless they target this card. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that Special Summons a monster(s) from the GY (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation.
When a monster(s) would be Summoned, OR a Spell/Trap Card is activated: Pay half your LP; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
Any monster sent from the hand or Main Deck to the GY is banished instead. When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 Ritual Monster or 1 Ritual Spell from your Deck to your hand.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Branded" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. If a face-up Fusion Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect, while this card is in your GY: You can target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; Special Summon this card, and if you do, negate the targeted monster's effects until the end of this turn. You can only use 1 "Aluber the Jester of Despia" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; place 1 Predator Counter on it, and if it is Level 2 or higher, it becomes Level 1 as long as it has a Predator Counter. Negate the activated effects of your opponent's monsters that have Predator Counters.
Activate by paying 1000 LP. Negate the effects of all face-up monsters while they are face-up on the field (but their effects can still be activated).
When a monster(s) would be Special Summoned, OR a monster effect is activated: Pay 1500 LP; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can add to your hand or banish 1 "Swordsoul" card from your Deck. (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 "Swordsoul" card or 1 Wyrm monster from your hand or GY, then target 1 other Effect Monster on the field; negate its effects until the end of this turn. You can only use 1 "Swordsoul Grandmaster - Chixiao" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
When your opponent activates a monster effect while you control a Fusion Monster that lists "Fallen of Albaz" as material (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY; negate that effect. If this card is banished: You can add 1 "Fallen of Albaz", or 1 monster that mentions it, from your Deck to your hand, except "Tri-Brigade Mercourier". You can only use each effect of "Tri-Brigade Mercourier" once per turn.
Once per turn, when a Spell Card or effect is activated on the field (Quick Effect): You can negate that effect, and if you do, attach that card to this card as material. When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can detach 1 material from this card; change the attack target to this card and perform damage calculation. If a face-up Xyz Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; it gains ATK equal to 1 of those destroyed monster's original ATK.
Once per turn, when another monster's effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that monster, and if you do that, this card gains ATK equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK until the end of this turn. If this card battles an opponent's Level 5 or higher monster, during damage calculation: This card gains ATK equal to the current ATK of the opponent's monster it is battling during that damage calculation only.
When a monster(s) would be Normal or Special Summoned while you have a Fiend monster in your hand: Negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s), then discard 1 Fiend monster. If a "Dark World" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead. You can only use each effect of "Dark World Punishment" once per turn.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the GY. Negate the effects of monsters destroyed by battle with Fiend monsters you control.
3 Level 5 monsters If this card has "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" as material, it gains these effects. ● Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change its ATK to 0, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to that monster's original ATK. ● When your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, then you can Special Summon 1 Xyz Monster from your GY.
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Dark Lucius LV6", banish your opponent's monsters destroyed by battle with this card, also negate their effects.
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Dark Lucius LV4", negate the effects of your opponent's monsters destroyed by battle with this card. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of your next turn after this card negated your opponent's monster effect by this effect: You can send this card to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Dark Lucius LV8" from your hand or Deck.
Negate the effects of your opponent's monsters destroyed by battle with this card. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of your next turn after this card has destroyed a monster by battle: You can send this card to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Dark Lucius LV6" from your hand or Deck.
Cannot be Special Summoned. Negate any Spell effects that target a face-up DARK monster(s) you control, and if you do, destroy that Spell Card. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw: You can add 1 Level 4 DARK monster from your Deck to your hand. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Branded" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. If a face-up Fusion Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect, while this card is in your GY: You can target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; Special Summon this card, and if you do, negate the targeted monster's effects until the end of this turn. You can only use 1 "Aluber the Jester of Despia" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Must first be Fusion Summoned. Cannot be destroyed by battle. You can only use each of the following effects of "El Shaddoll Apkallone" once per turn. ● If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up card on the field; negate its effects. ● If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 "Shaddoll" card from your Deck or GY to your hand, then discard 1 card.
When you Ritual Summon, you can detach a material(s) from this card as monster(s) required for the Ritual Summon. You can only use each of the following effects of "Drytron Mu Beta Fafnir" once per turn. If this card is Xyz Summoned: You can send 1 "Drytron" card from your Deck to the GY. When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, while you control a Machine Ritual Monster (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent's field in Attack Position, by Tributing 1 monster they control. If your opponent controls a "Kaiju" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position. You can only control 1 "Kaiju" monster. When a card or effect is activated that targets exactly 1 card (and no other cards) (Quick Effect): You can remove 3 Kaiju Counters from anywhere on the field; negate that effect, and if you do, you can destroy 1 card on the field.
